feat: make `playwright` package not install browsers automatically (#26672)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/library-js.md

## Browser downloads

> Usually, you should run a separate command to download Playwright browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download Playwright browsers run:
```

```bash
# Explicitly download browsers
npx playwright install
```

> However, you can alternatively add `@playwright/browser-XXX` packages to automatically download the respective browser during package installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can add `@playwright/browser-chromium`, `@playwright/browser-firefox` and `@playwright/browser-webkit` packages to automatically download the respective browser during the package installation.
```

Pass `HTTPS_PROXY` environment variable to download through a proxy.

```bash tab=bash-bash lang=js
# Manual
HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.0.2.1 npx playwright install

# Through @playwright/browser-XXX helper packages
HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.0.2.1 npm install
```

```batch tab=bash-batch lang=js
# Manual
set HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.0.2.1
npx playwright install

# Through @playwright/browser-XXX helper packages
set HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.0.2.1
npm install
```

```powershell tab=bash-powershell lang=js
# Manual
$Env:HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.0.2.1
npx playwright install

# Through @playwright/browser-XXX helper packages
$Env:HTTPS_PROXY=https://192.0.2.1
npm install
```

**Download from artifact repository**

By default, Playwright downloads browsers from Microsoft's CDN. Pass `PLAYWRIGHT_DOWNLOAD_HOST` environment variable to download from an internal artifacts repository instead.

```bash tab=bash-bash lang=js
# Manual
PLAYWRIGHT_DOWNLOAD_HOST=192.0.2.1 npx playwright install

# Through @playwright/browser-XXX helper packages
PLAYWRIGHT_DOWNLOAD_HOST=192.0.2.1 npm install
```

```batch tab=bash-batch lang=js
# Manual
set PLAYWRIGHT_DOWNLOAD_HOST=192.0.2.1
npx playwright install

> # Through @playwright/browser-XXX helper packages

Reviewer: Here and everywhere, never say XXX, always expand browser names.
